The Joe Rogan experience. I don't know if you know this, but, uh, like you said,
there was a time when the only way you could have a voice or certainly comment
on boxing or MMA or sports is if you got hired by a major network that
had a reach where people could see you, somebody has to die to get that job,
right. Larry March has to retire. Exactly.
But I came up in an age and the, uh, at the very beginning of YouTube,
I was training at wild card boxing gym, and I'm a teenager training there.
The gym is a fairly, fairly new. And I had,
it was still like mini DV days.
And I had a camera that I would use to shoot sparring sessions.
And because Freddy has a gym where there are world championship fighters,
preparing for title fights on television,
the class of fighter that's in there on any given day sparring or like main
event ticket selling marquee guys.
And I'm in there shooting their sparring session. Any, you know, any name,
anybody verse anybody, and I'm using the money. I'm making,
selling the sparring footage back to the fighters to pay my gym dues.
Wow. That's how I started.
And it's like in journalism. Yeah. But, okay.
It's an interesting story because I was doing
broadcasting since 10th grade. I was like at a performing arts high school.
We had a radio station in the basement. It's like a coming of age,
like eighties movie or something. like, yeah, exactly.
Blow the dust off the equipment, like ask the faculty. Can I do a show?
And so I'm covering like headline news and whatever a 10th grader thinks is
important and who won the football game and you know, this kind of.
But I always thought that, you know, I'm going to be a talk radio guy,
never sports though. I've been trained in boxes in fifth grade,
but never did I like did I think the two shall meet except that I'm now I've,
I've moved to LA right after high school. I'm in Freddy roaches, boxing,
gym I'm training camp barely afford dues.
I got to come up with a way to do that.
I started shooting sparring sessions and this, this is like, uh,
James Tony is still fighting. We're on the, we're going to sunset of his career,
but he's still the man. And there's a guy named Danny green,
who is a Australian fighter, wildly famous there,
but doesn't have like global audience. He wants to fight James Snow,
real money in it for James. But if you know James, Tony,
this is no shrinking violet. This man is like insane.
He was like Wilder turnt up to like to this day
was every day that was James Tony at wild boxing gym. Right?
So this guy flies from Australia,
walks into the gym and you know what a sacred place those are like if the main
fighter at any gym,
the guy who like is the representation of the toughest dude in
yeah. The top dog. You don't just walk into that. Guy's gym started talking.
Especially with James, Tony, especially with James,
no one talked more than jam Tony. Right? They talk in the middle of a round.
Right? Exactly. All throughout rounds. This guy comes to the James.
Jim starts talking, James, I get in the ring right now.
The last two rounds I'll fight you anywhere. You can get the fight he takes,
takes. The challenge gets in there,
gets the beat out of him for like eight rounds. Ah, it's pummeled.
I'm shooting. The thing want to say right here. Oh, whoa.
First of all, I'm wildly impressed that you came up with Jamie's the girl.
I don't know where to find it. Look how good he looks too. James looks good.
I'm shooting this. Oh my goodness. And this is James in his prime.
He looked like he was a heavyweight look at the size of them. Yeah.
Was James heavyweight at this point, I cruise away his cruiserweight.
He was still cruiserweight. God is huge. Right?
He's on all the Mexican supplements. Look at the size of him. Oh man.
That's so funny.
I ha I haven't seen this footage and I don't even know how many years dude,
James is him up. Okay.
But the point being that at this time,
there really wasn't any
boxing press to speak of. I mean like this is great.
ESPN might give you a highlight of de LA Hoya. You might get a mic Tyson,
knockout clip, but there's nobody sitting around talking boxing.
There's no place to see fighters training. There's no websites for fights.
And uh, after this thing got done, I'm like, Hey, you know,
Danny green doesn't want it. He just got the beat out of him. James,
Tony doesn't care about it at all.
So I'm just going to go home and record over it.
Yeah, because this is my, this is my side hustle I need listen, man. I,
you know, I'm a very young man at this time. I need every VHS tape I can use. I,
you need every mini DV I can use to keep the money in my pocket.
I can't just be stockpiling footage. Nobody wants,
but before I get a chance to tape over it,
I get a call from a site called max boxing.
And at that time they were like pretty much the only Boston website. Huh?
What year is this? I want to say,
this is probably close to 2000. Wow. Um,
yeah, 2000. And they said, Hey,
we heard daddy green came down a wild card.
And they had like this brutal sparring session. Like,
you know how much bigger James? Yeah. He's so much bigger.
They don't even look like they're nearly in the same way class James looks like
he's 20 pounds heavier than him. Yeah. Well of course it is. But you know,
I mean, by way in day, he'll get down. But this is how,
this is how James like rock everyday. Like,
he'd be just banging guys talking, beaten him up talking.
And uh, so this, even though now looking back,
of course it's like amazing footage,
but at the time this could be any given Wednesday. Right. You know what I mean?
Yeah. That happened there all the time. You know? Um,
he used to spar with Mickey Rourke. Yeah.
And that's one of the reasons why make your worse,
how to get his face worked on apparently. Yeah.
Mickey work used to come in a wild card and he used to spar James,
which is like, someone needed to talk to him. You're like,
what are you thinking? Come here, come here. Look at me. Look at me, look at me.
Oh, there's Mac a Foley. Jeez man.
Um,
so what ultimately happened was I got a little bidding war going for this
video and it was such like a hot piece. And I, uh,
got it up to like Danny's in pretty good shape. And James getting tired.
Was there moments in this where James looked really tired?
The thing about James Tony at this time, he always looked really tidy.
Always seemed like he was being lazy. He's always leaning on fighters.
But what you can't hear is the thud of those
shots. Like he's just turning over him. Jamie,
Come on, paper champ.
[Inaudible].
You hear Freddie in the background talking to him.
So they went eight rounds like this. Yeah.
And then what happened at the end of it still he's Danny green still seems like
he's kind of in it. No, I mean,
he looks like James was him up. Yeah.
I mean like daddy had spots where he's connecting,
but at no point during and mind you, his face is getting bloodier.
Like the shots that James were throwing are consistently heavier
and James is just having an easy time with them.
It's not like anything that Danny's doing is making an impression,
how did they end it? I was just over like Danny had enough, like,
oh, you know what I mean? Yeah.
And this became Jim wars.
What I did with this footage ultimately was I took it and went to an editor
named Brian Hardy, who was an editor for max boxing at the time.
And he got Doug Fisher. Who's now the editor in chief of ring magazine.
And I to commentate that footage as though you're watching it on
HBO. Oh, wow. Right. So, uh, D uh,
Doug's doing the color. I'm calling the fight. Like,
like I'm the Lampley and he's the Calor man. And we showed the whole thing.
I talked about the context of what had happened. Like I told you,
and we're calling the fight in this show. Jim wars blew up.
It was like the first big boxing,
like thing on the internet at all.
And so I would go to around the different gyms and get fighters,
and they all started at wildcard. And then I would branch out,
get fighters to agree. Let me shoot the sessions and turn it into,
have a show called gym wars. And so this foot,
like the way these guys now get their phones and their cameras,
and they go interview fighters and all the. I started that,
that wasn't a thing before I started doing it.
I'm the one who created this,
like medium by which you now receive boxing news.
Wow. So, um,
my entire career and trajectory in life was changed
at a boxing gym and never to look back.
And when you a fighter at one point in time, never, never all buttons to train,
always train. Since since fifth grade always traded.
It's taking it incredibly seriously. I've heard you talk about this too,
and it's, it couldn't be more true. This was a way for me to release,
like all of those young man, [inaudible] all that frustration.
It's really my therapy. I could barely afford gym dues. You know,
I can't afford therapy. Right.
Boxing was that it was like an integral part of my life.
I spent hours in the gym to where I had to figure out a way to make some money
there so I could continue to eat and pay for it.
And that was my way of doing it. Um,
and so B interviewing fighters is now like my claim to fame,
because everybody's thinks they're reinventing the wheel.
Now you can't shoot anybody sparring or anything like that.
So that show had to go away.
But the way that I relate to and understand fighters and what
it is like that's inside them, that's that they're experiencing,
that's driving them, I think is unique because although I would never,
ever classify myself as a fighter, that's such a, uh,
a unique and, and cherish like battery that you can really hold. It.
That's really what you do. I'm a warrior too. You know what I mean? Like I've,
I, I, in my own way, I forged a career.
I created something that didn't exist and I had to fight every step along the
way to make it a thing.